what's up my British pregame tutorials
here bringing you another free game
tutorial um all you're really going to
need is utorrent I'm pretty sure on
daemon tools Lite is not going to be
needed in this video and maybe I haven't
really looked into it it's literally the
smallest download ever though or it's
showing you how to get the game of life
but Hasbro for free oh it's only 42
megabytes so it's literally it's
insanely fast mine took one minute and
10 seconds and I'm seeding now so I'm
actually going to stop that right now
alright so we're going to go through
this what you're gonna do is you're
gonna download off the fire Bay then
there and go into the setup for it which
we need to find right here so I'm going
to actually move this to my desktop I'm
going to minimize this make an X out of
this minimize utorrent eggs out of
whatever this is asking me to do move
this over and right click and extract
files you're going to need win for this
when you are everyone should pretty much
have that by now if you don't it's not
that hard to go just search WinRAR on
the google and you will find it then you
should have extracted your files it'll
look like this double click on that and
should open files and game of life by
Hasbro installer and then the folder is
empty right here is the application so
you open up the application wait for its
load up give it a second here slow some
reason alright alright walk walk come on
can do it you can do it haha give it a
second I guess alright oh man uh what
are the games do you want me to do I'm
looking into probably doing I'm looking
at maybe a Call of Duty next if you guys
would like that I'm probably like every
three maybe even ghosts so really up to
you guys I mean I might I might do it
know what to check it out see how it
goes alright
all right now back sorry about that I
had to talk to someone really quick
about a few things so we're going to
click Next on the Installer all right
oh and then right here we're going to a
new game from real games.com time in and
bring him tested and pre cracked cracked
by ed an only at de monoid my Nova and
then please seed okay I agree to the
License Agreement and next all right
I'll use the information I guess so just
leave it like that and next and hit next
again and hit next one more time
I write should be a quick install it's a
small game I don't like that small game
but you get what I mean
it's not like a huge huge huge game not
like Fallout New Vegas and Sims 3 and
all that stuff yeah so hope you guys do
enjoy all these games that I've been
showing you
I definitely look at the fall into Vegas
1 and the civilization 5 1 those are
nice games uh Sims 3 and don't forget
about this one all right so should be
done here in a second and creating
shortcuts and done alright installation
successfully finished and then I'm
pretty sure it's a pre cracked and
everything so I'm pretty sure we are
done I mean my files back over here let
me move these alright um now we're going
to double click on the game of life
hasbro double click on that and we're
gonna pray that it launches if it does
not launch them we have a problem and
that i will go look through it and i
will fix it for you guys but it said
pre-crack so i'm pretty sure we are okay
and you can just launch the game right
away I'd write game of life by Hasbro
launched up its opening full screen you
guys probably cannot see the full screen
I looked out my bandicam right now so
it's launched this is licensed by Hasbro
2008 Astro real arcade I mean it's
working you just may not be able to see
it you can hear it
if you just heard that I'm probably be
able here in the music you in a second
and there's your definition of it
working real arcade Hasbro and star back
in everyone eg for everyone there you go
you can hear it alright so I hope you
guys did enjoy if you did enjoy this
game or this video I definitely even
everything and enjoy the game it's
definitely worth it I love the game of
life I don't know why it's a game that I
just always do like to play so yeah
definitely subscribe comment write like
up and definitely look for more free
games in the future thank you and have a
nice day